Updates to Rook requirements (#914)
replicatedhq/kurl.sh: src/markdown-pages/add-ons/rook.md

## Block Storage

For Rook versions 1.4.3 and later, block storage is required.
For Rook versions earlier than 1.4.3, block storage is recommended in production clusters.

> You can enable and disable block storage for Rook with the `isBlockStorageEnabled` field in the kURL spec.
> By default, the `isBlockStorageEnabled` field is set to `true` for Rook versions 1.4.3 and later.

Reviewer: that second section seems implicit from above. perhaps there is a better way to word it?

```suggestion
You can enable and disable block storage for Rook versions earlier than 1.4.3 with the `isBlockStorageEnabled` field in the kURL spec.
```

Author: @emosbaugh good catch. I think my question here was that it wasn't clear to me if the `isBlockStorageEnabled` field only exists in versions earlier than 1.4.3 (if so, I can update the flags table to make this more explicit)

Reviewer: yes isBlockStorageEnabled only exists for earlier versions

> When the `isBlockStorageEnabled` field is set to `true`, Rook starts an OSD for each discovered disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `isBlockStorageEnabled` field is set to `true`, or when using Rook versions 1.4.3 and later, Rook starts an OSD for each discovered disk.
```

Author: Same question as above: It sounds like it's _not_ that the `isBlockStorageEnabled` field is set to `true` by default in 1.4.3 and later, but rather that the field no longer exists in 1.4.3 and later. Is that right?

    blockDeviceFilter: sd[b-z]
```

In the example above, the `isBlockStorageEnabled` field is set to `true`.
Additionally, `blockDeviceFilter` instructs Rook to use only block devices that match the specified regex.
For more information about the available options, see [Advanced Install Options](#advanced-install-options) above.

> The Rook add-on waits for a disk before continuing with installation. If you attached a disk to your node, but the installer is waiting at the Rook add-on installation step, see [OSD pods are not created on my devices](https://rook.io/docs/rook/v1.0/ceph-common-issues.html#osd-pods-are-not-created-on-my-devices) in the Rook documentation for troubleshooting information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Rook add-on waits for a disk before continuing with installation.
If you attached a disk to your node, but the installer is waiting at the Rook add-on installation step, see [OSD pods are not created on my devices](https://rook.io/docs/rook/v1.0/ceph-common-issues.html#osd-pods-are-not-created-on-my-devices) in the Rook documentation for troubleshooting information.
```

## Filesystem Storage

By default, for Rook versions earlier than 1.4.3, the cluster uses the filesystem for Rook storage.

> However, block storage is recommended for Rook in production clusters. For more information, see [Block Storage](#block-storage) above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, block storage is recommended for Rook in production clusters.
For more information, see [Block Storage](#block-storage) above.
```

When using the filesystem for storage, each node in the cluster has a single OSD backed by a directory in `/opt/replicated/rook`.
Nodes with a Ceph Monitor also use `/var/lib/rook`.

> At minimum, 10GB of disk space must be available to `/var/lib/rook` for the Ceph Monitors and other configs.

Reviewer: Where did we come up with this number? I will assume its correct.

Author: I am not sure. This was here previously, so also assumed it was correct.

We recommend a separate partition to prevent a disruption in Ceph's operation as a result of `/var` or the root partition running out of space.

> **Note**: All disks used for storage in the cluster should be of similar size. A cluster with large discrepancies in disk size may fail to replicate data to all available nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: All disks used for storage in the cluster should be of similar size.
A cluster with large discrepancies in disk size may fail to replicate data to all available nodes.
```
